hey guys the HD here welcome to my first
tutorial today I will be helping those
who are having trouble with their ePSXe
roms if you're having a problem with
loading a ROM and getting a loading iso
file error then this is a tutorial for
you just to show you guys a quick
example of the air I'm going to go ahead
and open up the ROM in the PSX emulator
so I'm going to go ahead and just run
this image file as normal and the error
loading ISO file pops up now the reason
why this is popping up is because
there's an EMC file located in your ROM
and it is compressed now what you want
to do is you want to decompress that and
I'll go ahead and show you guys how to
do that all the links that I'll be going
to I will provide below the video so go
ahead and select neil core let's
homepage link below the video right now
this page will pop up and what you're
going to need to download is the
command-line pack so go ahead and click
on that it'll bring you to a page with
some operating systems if you don't know
what operating system you have for
Windows you can go to start find
computer right click on it go to
properties and system type will tell you
what kind of operating system you have
I have 64-bit so I will be selecting
windows 64-bit I know there's several
windows 32-bit so go ahead and go with
the i386 32-bit file if you do have a
32-bit operating system I'm going to go
ahead and download mine
now you're going to need to extract our
files to your desktop
once that's done go ahead and set that
aside for right now go ahead and locate
your rom file or your rom folder and
open up the rom that is having the
loading iso file error now here's the
ECM file that i told you that was
compressed go ahead and open up the CMD
pack that you downloaded and look for on
ECM application what you're going to do
is you're going to click on the ECM file
in your rom I'm using skull monkeys as
my rom go ahead and select that and drag
it and drop it in unnie cm a command
prompt will come up saying that it's
decoding it basically that's saying that
it's decompressing the compressed ECM
file once that's done you will get a new
ECM file that is no longer compressed so
go ahead and exit out of the CMD pack
you can go ahead and click out of this
to open up your ePSXe emulator
and run the ISO go ahead and just select
the image file open that up and it is
now working I'll go ahead and let it run
for a couple more seconds so you guys
can see that it's really working
all right so that's into the tutorial if
you have any questions feel free to
leave a comment if you like this video
go ahead and rate comment and subscribe